Make Gradle look way better (#72)
QuiltMC/quilt-standard-libraries: CONTRIBUTING.md

injections of said method), the field should be named with the namespace first, then the name of the injected method,
and finally the name of the local (`quilt$injectedMethod$localName`).

## Gradle Conventions

### Declaring dependencies between modules

In the `qslModule` extension, there is a `moduleDependencies` field. Dependencies are declared in a tree like structure reflecting how QSL libraries and modules are layed out.
This field can be configured like:
```groovy
qslModule {
    // ...
    moduleDependencies {
        library_name { // The QSL Library to depend on

>             module_name { // The QSL Module in `library_name` to depend on
>                 api() // Default behavior, should not need to be called.
>             }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Simple dependencies do not need a code block.
            module_name // the QSL Module in `library_name` to depend on
```

            module_2 {
                testmod() // Only depend on this module when testing the code
            }
            module_3 {

>                 impl() // This library is only used to compile this module and is not part of the API. This should be rarely used.

Reviewer: i don't think that statement is true, it would be better to explain when to use it (which is probably pretty often)
```suggestion
                // By default, dependencies are `api` dependencies; they are put on the classpath
                // of mods that depend on this module.
                // Impl dependencies are dependencies that are only used internally in a module,
                // and classes from it are never exposed through this module's public API.
                // For example, a dependency on lifecyle events would usually be impl
                impl() 
```

injections of said method), the field should be named with the namespace first, then the name of the injected method,
and finally the name of the local (`quilt$injectedMethod$localName`).

## Gradle Conventions

### Declaring dependencies between modules

In the `qslModule` extension, there is a `moduleDependencies` field. Dependencies are declared in a tree like structure reflecting how QSL libraries and modules are layed out.
This field can be configured like:
```groovy
qslModule {
    // ...
    moduleDependencies {
        // The QSL Library to depend on
        library_name {

>             // The QSL Module in `library_name` to depend on
>             api("module_name")
> 
>             // Only depend on this module when testing the code
>             testmodOnly("module_2")
> 
>             // By default, dependencies are `api` dependencies; they are put on the classpath
>             // of mods that depend on this module.
>             // Impl dependencies are dependencies that are only used internally in a module,
>             // and classes from it are never exposed through this module's public API.
>             // For example, a dependency on lifecyle events would usually be impl
>             impl("module_3")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // API dependencies are put on the classpath of mods that depend on this module.
            // Use an API dependency when you expose a class from this dependency in this module's
            // public API--for example, a method that returns a `FooBar`, defined in `module_name`
            // When in doubt, use an API dependency.
            api("module_name")

            // Impl dependencies are dependencies that are only used internally in a module,
            // and classes from it are never exposed through this module's public API.
            // For example, a dependency on lifecyle events would usually be impl
            impl("module_2")
            
            // This module is only depended on when testing the code
            testmodOnly("module_2")
```

Author: ```suggestion
            // API dependencies are put on the classpath of mods that depend on this module.
            // Use an API dependency when you expose a class from this dependency in this module's
            // public API--for example, a method that returns a `FooBar`, defined in `module_name`
            // When in doubt, use an API dependency.
            api("module_name")
            
            // Impl dependencies are dependencies that are only used internally in a module,
            // and classes from it are never exposed through this module's public API.
            // For example, a dependency on lifecyle events would usually be impl
            impl("module_2")
            
            // This module is only depended on when testing the code
            testmodOnly("module_3")
```

injections of said method), the field should be named with the namespace first, then the name of the injected method,
and finally the name of the local (`quilt$injectedMethod$localName`).

## Gradle Conventions

### Declaring dependencies between modules

In the `qslModule` extension, there is a `moduleDependencies` field. Dependencies are declared in a tree like structure reflecting how QSL libraries and modules are layed out.
This field can be configured like:
```groovy
qslModule {
    // ...
    moduleDependencies {
        // The QSL Library to depend on
        library_name {
            // API dependencies are put on the classpath of mods that depend on this module.
            // Use an API dependency when you expose a class from this dependency in this module's

>             // public API--for example, a method that returns a `FooBar`, defined in `module_name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // public API--for example, a method that returns a `FooBar`, defined in `module_name`.
```

            // When in doubt, use an API dependency.
            api("module_name")
            
            // Impl dependencies are dependencies that are only used internally in a module,
            // and classes from it are never exposed through this module's public API.

>             // For example, a dependency on lifecyle events would usually be impl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // For example, a dependency on lifecyle events would usually be impl.
```

injections of said method), the field should be named with the namespace first, then the name of the injected method,
and finally the name of the local (`quilt$injectedMethod$localName`).

## Gradle Conventions

### Declaring dependencies between modules

In the `qslModule` extension, there is a `moduleDependencies` field. Dependencies are declared in a tree like structure reflecting how QSL libraries and modules are layed out.
This field can be configured like:
```groovy

> qslModule {

Reviewer 2: Definitely want to modify this code snippet since it's different now.
